DOC-2396: add Windows High Contrast mode support to 7.1 release notes (#3279)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.1-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Windows High Contrast mode is now supported in {productname}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Improved support for Windows High Contrast themes in {productname}.
```
I wouldn't say we fully support these themes.

// #TINY-9810 / #TINY-9811 / #TINY-9873 / #TINY-10781 / #TINY-10782

Previously, in Windows High Contrast Mode, the colors of various elements in {productname}, such as toolbar icons, toolbar border, icon hover, focus, and active stage, were not correctly configured. This resulted in low to no color/contrast for the editor elements, leading to a poor user experience.

> In this fix, the following elements have been given the correct configuration to be visible and display high contrast when Windows High Contrast mode is engaged:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this fix, the following elements have been given the correct configuration to be visible and display high contrast when Windows High Contrast mode is enabled:
```

* Checkbox border
* Dialog items
* Dropdown items
* Editor textarea border
* Floating toolbar outline

> * Icon, button, and dropdown items (hover, focus, active state)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Buttons and dropdown items (hover, focus, active state)
```

Not sure if icon needs to be separated from button, they are the same thing.

* Keyboard focus highlight
* Status bar items

> * Toolbar icon
> * Toolbar number input
> * Toolbar border

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Toolbar border
* Toolbar icon
* Toolbar number input
```
